docs/adventures/blue-skies/index.md, before:

# 🔐 Blue Skies

--8<-- "spoiler.html"

This adventure is a direct follow up to [Dauriel's Mansion](../dauriels-mansion/index.md).

## TODO List

- Update the Korbantir map.
- Create a 3080 copy of the Cauldin's Point map with the lake.
- Portraits:
  - [[weslan]]
  - [[londrina]]
  - [[phillipe]]
- What does [[londrina]] have to offer the group?
- What does [[weslan]] have to offer the group?

## Act I

The adventurers return from their pocket dimension/inside the orb on the [7th of Lirrai, 3080](../../lore/timeline.md), exactly a year after the events that lead to Amalchi's ascension.

Conditions:

- The sun is no longer moving in the sky; permanent noon.
- People have mostly lost track of time.
- Amalchi has turned into a dragon and flown away.
- In response to the dragon's violence, Korbantirians have become mistrustful of dragonborn.
- There's a large [[survivors-camp]] run by [[au]] outside [[cauldins-point]].
- [[tiran]]'s dad and [[chickadee]] went to Marram to look for [[phillipe]].

## Act II

- Travelling to Marram.
- Finding the dragon in Marram.

## Act III

- Killing the dragon.
- Return home or another adventure.

Commit message:

A bit of work on cauldin's point crater

docs/adventures/blue-skies/index.md, after:

# 🔐 Blue Skies

--8<-- "spoiler.html"

This adventure is a direct follow up to [Dauriel's Mansion](../dauriels-mansion/index.md). The adventure starts at [[crater]] and concludes in [[marram]].

## TODO List

- New Roll20 banner
- Portraits:
  - [[weslan]]
  - [[londrina]]
  - [[phillipe]]
- What does [[londrina]] have to offer the group?
- What does [[weslan]] have to offer the group?
- Update the Korbantir map.

### Done

- ~~Create a 3080 copy of the Cauldin's Point map with the lake.~~ [[crater]]

## Act I

The adventurers return from their pocket dimension/inside the orb on the [7th of Lirrai, 3080](../../lore/timeline.md), exactly a year after the events that lead to Amalchi's ascension.

Conditions:

- The sun is no longer moving in the sky; permanent noon.
- People have mostly lost track of time.
- [[amalchi]] has turned into a blue dragon and flown away.
- [[cauldins-point]] was destroyed during Amalchi's ascension and is now [[crater]].
- In response to the dragon's violence, Korbantirians have become mistrustful of dragonborn.
- There's a large [[survivors-camp]] run by [[au]] outside [[crater]].
- [[tiran]]'s dad and [[chickadee]] went to Marram to look for [[phillipe]].

## Act II

- Travelling to Marram.
- Finding the dragon in Marram.

## Act III

- Killing the dragon.
- Return home or another adventure.
